ews workaround (#33754)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnline/ReleaseNotes/1_3_0.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS O365

> - Fixed an issue where the integration has failed with 'Not Allowed Access' error due to changes on Microsoft side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the integration has failed with 'Not Allowed Access' error due to breaking changes on Microsoft's side.
```
